and also orlando that's not your only
your creation because uh congratulations
becoming a new dad
yay daisy
in august oh look at the tiny hand
because we saw katie's bump when she was
she was on the
she was on the lockdown show back in may
and is it true that you used to sing to
the bump
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah i was
saying
you know i've got this buddhist practice
so i'm constantly talking to her
chanting singing to her now i sing
sing anything that has daddy in it i'm
like just because i wanted to say dad
before she says anything else
i'm like dad he loves his daddy does the
baby go
like can you put katy perry on yeah
that was really bad he's like yeah mom's
going to be much better
than you alexa play mommy
[Laughter]
you haven't lost the game yet she hasn't
spoken yet then actually she sort of has
said a bit of
that every time i come up she's like
she's very excited to see me and
yeah yeah get katy perry in here
[Applause]
you